                                                                    *TERMS OF USE*

Please read these Terms of Use for User(s) (“you/your”) as it contains important information about your legal rights, remedies and obligations. By accessing or using the Website and Application, you agree to comply with and be bound by this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes a legally binding agreement between you and *Zktube Labs Pty Ltd.*, a company having its registered office at L2, 525 Collins St. Melbourne Au 3000 (“zkTube”), governing Your access to and use of the website www.zktube.io including any subdomains thereof and the Application available on the GooglePlay Store and Apple Apps Store, and any other websites through which zkTube makes its Services available, or mobile, tablet and other smart device applications, and application program interfaces and all associated services provided by zkTube. 

Our collection and use of personal information, in connection with your access to and use of the zkTube Website and Application, is described in our Privacy Policy. We have tried to make the Agreement accessible, concise, and clear for you. If anything in the Agreement appears to you to be incomprehensible, please contact us via the Help section, and we shall provide you with all the necessary explanations.

If you are not a professional investor and do not have experience in investments, please contact an Independent Financial Advisor prior to making any investment decision based on the information on this website.

Please read the Terms below carefully. By accessing any page of this website, you agree to be bound by the Terms below. If you do not agree to the Terms below, please do not access any pages of this website. We reserve the right to vary the conditions of use at any time and will post any variations here. you are advised to review the conditions of use on a regular basis as you will be deemed to have accepted variations if you continue to use the website after they have been posted.
